If there is anything I can claim about myself and not feel I'm stepping too far from reality, it is that I'm quite adept at learning on my own (_auto-didacticism_). To give some concrete examples of my acquiring new knowledge and skills, I will list some of my knowledge seeking events:
- __Building a realtively complex program while simultaneously learning virtually everything needed to build said program...to overcome a practical problem directly affecting my life__
  - My partner and I were flashing _a lot_ (~5/day) of larger capacity micro-SD cards, essentially only able to flash one at a time (using Etcher, although now you can do multiple devices with this program). I have had an _interest_ in programming for some time, but had minimal experience (virtually none). __Python__ was the only language I had ever even coded with, outside of the modified version of C (C++ ?) that is used for __Arduino/micro-controller programming__. So, I used __Python__ to begin creating a command-line version of a muliple SD card flasher. This quickly led to a version with a GUI, using __Tkinter, Subprocessing/Threading, Preferences and options coded in, and other complex concepts in programming__. You can find it here!, on [GitHub](https://github.com/teslatickles/dcfldd.GUI_Python). 
  
- __Creating a Node module, and publishing it to NPM registry (_once again, for a practical purpose_)__
  - I work with a lot of removable media (USB/flash drives, external HD, etc.), and wanted to safely eject all removable devices connected to my computer simultaneously. After learning some basics in the __ECMAscript language (javascript)__, I became interested in __Nodejs__, and eventually discovered [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/). I decided it would be easy to take my helper function I had created in Python for my uSD project from above, and use javascript and node to create a __commandline__ application that quickly and safely removes __ALL__ removable/ejectable media with a simple commandline argument: Open your command line app and--> After installing with: __```npm install ejectall -g```__, use command : ```ejectall```.
  
  ### There's more to share soon!
